#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
app-model==0.1.4
    # via napari
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   napari
    #   npe2
    #   partseg
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.2
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
build==0.10.0
    # via npe2
cachey==0.2.1
    # via napari
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   napari
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   dask
    #   typer
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via dask
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
czifile==2019.7.2
    # via partseg
dask[array]==2023.6.1
    # via napari
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   partseg
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via magicgui
docutils==0.17.1
    # via sphinx
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
fonticon-fontawesome6==6.4.0
    # via partseg
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
freetype-py==2.4.0
    # via vispy
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via dask
h5py==3.9.0
    # via partseg
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via cachey
hsluv==5.0.3
    # via vispy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagecodecs==2023.3.16
    # via partseg
imageio==2.31.1
    # via
    #   napari
    #   napari-svg
    #   partseg
    #   scikit-image
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via dask
in-n-out==0.1.7
    # via app-model
ipykernel==6.23.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   napari-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   partseg
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   napari-console
    #   partseg
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   numpydoc
    #   sphinx
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   napari
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.23.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via vispy
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via
    #   napari
    #   scikit-image
local-migrator==0.1.9
    # via
    #   nme
    #   partseg
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
magicgui==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   napari
    #   partseg
mahotas==1.4.13
    # via partseg
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via psygnal
napari[all,pyqt]==0.4.18rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   partseg
napari-console==0.0.8
    # via napari
napari-plugin-engine==0.2.0
    # via
    #   napari
    #   napari-console
    #   napari-svg
napari-plugin-manager==0.1.0a2
    # via napari
napari-svg==0.1.10
    # via napari
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via scikit-image
nme==0.1.8
    # via partseg
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
npe2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   napari
    #   napari-plugin-manager
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   czifile
    #   dask
    #   h5py
    #   imagecodecs
    #   imageio
    #   mahotas
    #   napari
    #   napari-svg
    #   oiffile
    #   pandas
    #   partseg
    #   partsegcore-compiled-backend
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   vispy
numpydoc==1.5.0
    # via napari
oiffile==2022.9.29
    # via partseg
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via partseg
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   dask
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   local-migrator
    #   nbconvert
    #   partseg
    #   pooch
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   sphinx
    #   superqt
    #   vispy
pandas==2.0.2
    # via
    #   napari
    #   partseg
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
partseg==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
partsegcore-compiled-backend==0.15.1
    # via partseg
partsegdata==0.10.0
    # via partseg
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   napari
    #   scikit-image
pint==0.22
    # via napari
platformdirs==3.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
pooch==1.7.0
    # via scikit-image
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   napari
psygnal==0.9.1
    # via
    #   app-model
    #   magicgui
    #   napari
    #   npe2
    #   partseg
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.9
    # via
    #   app-model
    #   napari
    #   npe2
    #   partseg
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   napari
    #   nbconvert
    #   partseg
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
    #   superqt
pyopengl==3.1.7
    # via napari
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyqt5==5.15.9
    # via napari
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.12.1
    # via pyqt5
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytomlpp==1.0.13
    # via npe2
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-events
    #   napari
    #   npe2
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtawesome==1.2.3
    # via partseg
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   napari-console
    #   partseg
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   magicgui
    #   napari
    #   napari-console
    #   napari-plugin-manager
    #   partseg
    #   qtawesome
    #   qtconsole
    #   superqt
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   partseg
    #   pooch
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.4.2
    # via npe2
scikit-image[data]==0.21.0
    # via napari
scipy==1.11.0
    # via
    #   napari
    #   partseg
    #   scikit-image
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentry-sdk==1.26.0
    # via partseg
simpleitk==2.2.1
    # via partseg
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   partseg
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   napari
    #   numpydoc
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
superqt==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   magicgui
    #   napari
    #   napari-plugin-manager
    #   partseg
sympy==1.12
    # via partseg
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tifffile==2023.4.12
    # via
    #   czifile
    #   napari
    #   oiffile
    #   partseg
    #   scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyproject-hooks
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   napari
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via napari
traceback-with-variables==2.0.4
    # via partseg
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typer==0.9.0
    # via npe2
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   app-model
    #   async-lru
    #   magicgui
    #   napari
    #   pint
    #   psygnal
    #   pydantic
    #   superqt
    #   typer
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vispy==0.12.2
    # via
    #   napari
    #   napari-svg
    #   partseg
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via napari
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via partseg
xlsxwriter==3.1.2
    # via partseg
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
